Adding Experience Composer (#43)
opentok/broadcast-sample-app: README.md

    });
  };

```

When the web page is loaded, those credentials are retrieved from the HTML and are used to initialize the session.

> The logic needed to start and stop the Experience Composer stream is defined in [opentok-api.js](./services/opentok-api.js) (`createRender` and `deleteRender` respectively). At the time of updating this sample application, the nodeJS SDK does not have support for Experience Composer, so the [REST API](https://www.dev.tokbox.com/developer/rest/#starting_experience_composer) will be used. The `createRender` function creates a Experience Composer instance that will navigate to **[ec.js](./public/js/hls-viewer.js)** and publish a new stream whose name is `EC` into the session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The logic needed to start and stop the Experience Composer stream is defined in [opentok-api.js](./services/opentok-api.js) (`createRender` and `deleteRender` respectively). At the time of updating this sample application, the nodeJS SDK does not have support for Experience Composer, so the [REST API](https://www.dev.tokbox.com/developer/rest/#starting_experience_composer) will be used. The `createRender` function creates an Experience Composer instance that will navigate to **[ec.js](./public/js/hls-viewer.js)** and publish a new stream named `EC` into the session.
```
